README.md, before:

# rib-sample

Sample site for the [Rib](https://github.com/srid/rib) static site generator.

## Prerequisites

First, install the [Nix package manager](https://nixos.org/nix/):

``` bash
bash <(curl https://nixos.org/nix/install)
```

Optionally, enable the [Nix cache](https://srid.cachix.org/) if you would like to speed up local builds:

``` bash
# If you do not already have cachix, install it:
nix-env -iA cachix -f https://cachix.org/api/v1/install
# Enable nix cache for rib
cachix use srid
```

## Running

To build and run the site:

```bash
nix-shell --run 'ghcid -T ":main -wS"'
```

This launches a web server at http://localhost:8080 serving the statically
generated content. Changing either `./src/Main.hs` or the content in `./content` 
reloads everything.

### Use a custom rib and port

You might have a local checkout of rib with certain modifications. And you might
want to run ghcid with the server running at a different port. Both of this can
achieved using the following command:

```bash
# Assuming rib is cloned at ../rib
nix-shell --arg rib ../rib --run 'ghcid -T ":main -ws :8081"'
```

## Building the executable

A fully built executable can be produced using `nix-build`:

```
$ nix-build 
...
$ ./result/bin/rib-sample --help
Usage: rib-sample [--rebuild-all] [-w|--watch] [(-s|--serve [HOST]:PORT) | -S] 
                  [--quiet] [--input-dir INPUTDIR] [--output-dir OUTPUTDIR]
  Generate a static site at OUTPUTDIR using input from INPUTDIR

Available options:
  --rebuild-all            Rebuild all sources
  -w,--watch               Watch for changes and regenerate
  -s,--serve [HOST]:PORT   Run a HTTP server on the generated directory
  -S                       Like `-s 127.0.0.1:8080`
  --quiet                  Log nothing
  --input-dir INPUTDIR     Directory containing the source files (default:
                           content)
  --output-dir OUTPUTDIR   Directory where files will be generated (default:
                           dest)
  -h,--help                Show this help text
```

Commit message:

Add IDE support
- Suggest VScode extensions
- Add hie.yaml, because HLS requires it
- Format src/Main.hs per HLS

README.md, after:

# rib-sample

Sample site for the [Rib](https://github.com/srid/rib) static site generator.

## Prerequisites

First, install the [Nix package manager](https://nixos.org/nix/):

``` bash
bash <(curl https://nixos.org/nix/install)
```

Optionally, enable the [Nix cache](https://srid.cachix.org/) if you would like to speed up local builds:

``` bash
# If you do not already have cachix, install it:
nix-env -iA cachix -f https://cachix.org/api/v1/install
# Enable nix cache for rib
cachix use srid
```

## Running

To build and run the site:

```bash
nix-shell --run 'ghcid -T ":main -wS"'
```

This launches a web server at http://localhost:8080 serving the statically
generated content. Changing either `./src/Main.hs` or the content in `./content`
reloads everything.

### Use a custom rib and port

You might have a local checkout of rib with certain modifications. And you might
want to run ghcid with the server running at a different port. Both of this can
achieved using the following command:

```bash
# Assuming rib is cloned at ../rib
nix-shell --arg rib ../rib --run 'ghcid -T ":main -ws :8081"'
```

## IDE support

The `.vscode` directory contains the necessary settings to work with a rib project.

- Ensure that Nix is installed
- Run `code .` to open the project in VSCode, and install the recommended extensions.
  - The default settings have auto-format enabled.

## Building the executable

A fully built executable can be produced using `nix-build`:

```text
$ nix-build 
...
$ ./result/bin/rib-sample --help
Usage: rib-sample [--rebuild-all] [-w|--watch] [(-s|--serve [HOST]:PORT) | -S]
                  [--quiet] [--input-dir INPUTDIR] [--output-dir OUTPUTDIR]
  Generate a static site at OUTPUTDIR using input from INPUTDIR

Available options:
  --rebuild-all            Rebuild all sources
  -w,--watch               Watch for changes and regenerate
  -s,--serve [HOST]:PORT   Run a HTTP server on the generated directory
  -S                       Like `-s 127.0.0.1:8080`
  --quiet                  Log nothing
  --input-dir INPUTDIR     Directory containing the source files (default:
                           content)
  --output-dir OUTPUTDIR   Directory where files will be generated (default:
                           dest)
  -h,--help                Show this help text
```
